#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.4.0
    # via django
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via jwcrypto
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
datapunt-authorization-levels==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dateutils==0.6.12
    # via -r requirements.in
debtcollector==2.2.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via jwcrypto
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-hal-json
    #   drf-nested-fields
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==0.17
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-hal-json
    #   drf-nested-fields
    #   drf-yasg
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.0
    # via drf-amsterdam
drf-hal-json==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-nested-fields==0.9.5
    # via drf-hal-json
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
iso8601==0.1.14
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.utils
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via coreschema
jwcrypto==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
keystoneauth1==4.3.1
    # via python-keystoneclient
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via oslo.serialization
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
netifaces==0.11.0
    # via oslo.utils
openpyxl==3.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via keystoneauth1
oslo.config==8.7.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.i18n==5.0.1
    # via
    #   oslo.config
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo.serialization==4.1.0
    # via python-keystoneclient
oslo.utils==4.9.1
    # via
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   python-keystoneclient
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oslo.utils
pbr==5.6.0
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   os-service-types
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   stevedore
psycopg2-binary==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   oslo.utils
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via dateutils
python-keystoneclient==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-swiftclient==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   dateutils
    #   django
    #   oslo.serialization
    #   oslo.utils
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via oslo.config
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via oslo.config
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.4
    # via ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.17.10
    # via drf-yasg
sentry-sdk==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   jwcrypto
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.i18n
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-swiftclient
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   oslo.config
    #   python-keystoneclient
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   deprecated
